**Avoid the Colors:**  
[https://github.com/VoicelessToyBonnie/Avoid-the-Colors.git](https://github.com/VoicelessToyBonnie/Avoid-the-Colors.git)

	For this project I plan on making a simple game where the players will be avoiding colors from all directions and must survive for as long as possible. Players will be using the mouse to move their shape around and avoid hitting any of the moving colors in order to make a time record.  
	For the features I’m planning on having a gameplay screen where you go directly into the game and play, and a secondary screen which will be a game over screen that shows you much time you lasted and your highest surviving time. If you last longer than your high score, then the new time will replace it previous high score until the player achieves another one. A lot of these actions will mainly be from mouse clicking or mouse moving to accomplish these tasks.  
	I think the new challenge here is how I want the color trails to have a bit more of a randomized movements pattern apart from just having it be vertical, like maybe there will be a few that goes vertical, horizontal, diagonal, and some that have the most unpredictable movement, which I think will be the biggest challenge. I may also have to see how to make it move along with the mouse, since for the gameplay section (not applied to the game over screen), the mouse will just be hovering for movement. I would also have to check how to handle the collisions for when the player hits a color.  
	For my outcome, I want the viable outcome of the game to at least be playable if I’m unable to create a high score setting and advanced color movement mechanics as I think that will take me the longest time to work on. My ideal outcome is to make it a fun and challenging gameplay as stated above.

